readme.md, before:

After running the first migrations and installing the conjugation database, to get things into the django models:

INSERT INTO verbs_infinitive (name, translation) SELECT * FROM infinitive;

INSERT INTO verbs_gerund (infinitive_id, gerund, translation) SELECT id, gerund, gerund_english FROM gerund, verbs_infinitive WHERE gerund.infinitive = verbs_infinitive.name;

INSERT INTO verbs_pastparticiple (infinitive_id, pastparticiple, translation) SELECT id, pastparticiple, pastparticiple_english FROM pastparticiple, verbs_infinitive WHERE pastparticiple.infinitive = verbs_infinitive.spanish_name;

INSERT INTO verbs_tense (tense, translation, mood, mood_translation) 
SELECT A.tense, tense.tense_english, A.mood, mood.mood_english FROM
(SELECT DISTINCT tense, mood FROM verbs) AS A, tense, mood
WHERE A.mood = mood.mood AND A.tense = tense.tense;
		
INSERT INTO verbs_conjugation (irregular, infinitive_id, tense_id, form_1s, form_2s, form_3s, form_1p, form_2p, form_3p) SELECT false, verbs_infinitive.id, verbs_tense.id, form_1s, form_2s, form_3s, form_1p, form_2p, form_3p FROM
verbs, verbs_infinitive, verbs_tense WHERE verbs_infinitive.name = verbs.infinitive AND verbs_tense.mood = verbs.mood AND verbs_tense.tense = verbs.tense;


API endpoints (+has been implemented):

api/

	+conjugations/
		Filter by infinitive
		Filter by tense
		Filter by 
		+:id/
		+random/

	+gerunds/
		+random/

	+participles/
		+random/

	verb
		/:id     	
		/history
		*admins need to be able to post edits
		*admins need to be able to create new verbs

	+infinitives/
		+:id/
		*admins need to be able to post, to update the list of active verbs
			/activate?

	/score
		*users need to be able to post scores as well as a list

	+tenses/
		:id/activate?
		*users need to be able to set their tenses and verbs


	(+Added by Djoser)
	auth/
		/me/
		/register/
		/login/ (token based authentication)
		/logout/ (token based authentication)
		/activate/
		/{{ User.USERNAME_FIELD }}/
		/password/
		/password/reset/
		/password/reset/confirm/

Duolingo verbs harvested from words page, and applying the following regexs:

^.*(er|ir|ar)\s+Verb.*


^([^\s]*)\s*.*$

Commit message:

Added some templates and included factory file into webapp.

readme.md, after:

Running the django server:
	cd django 
	source bin/active
	cd verbs/rest_app
	./manage.py runserver

	http://127.0.0.1:8000/ 			for angular app
	http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/ 		for REST api

Running the Ionic app:

API endpoints (+has been implemented):

api/

	+conjugations/
		Filter by infinitive
		Filter by tense
		Filter by 
		+:id/
		+random/

	+gerunds/
		+random/

	+participles/
		+random/

	verb
		/:id     	
		/history
		*admins need to be able to post edits
		*admins need to be able to create new verbs

	+infinitives/
		+:id/
		*admins need to be able to post, to update the list of active verbs
			/activate?

	/score
		*users need to be able to post scores as well as a list

	+tenses/
		:id/activate?
		*users need to be able to set their tenses and verbs


	(+Added by Djoser)
	auth/
		/me/
		/register/
		/login/ (token based authentication)
		/logout/ (token based authentication)
		/activate/
		/{{ User.USERNAME_FIELD }}/
		/password/
		/password/reset/
		/password/reset/confirm/
